Mental Health Awareness Month: I have schizoaffective bipolar type and I just graduated with my BA in English (Magna Cum Laude) at age 28 after dropping out of high school and having intermittently relapsed into psychosis for a duration of 8 hospitalizations. With loving support success is possible
Not to brag, but instead of laying in bed ALL day, I laid in bed for MOST of the day, then got up and took a shower. Next up, I conquer the world.
I DIDN'T KILL MYSELF LAST NIGHT!
It’s been 2 months to the day since I last self harmed. I just want someone to be proud of me.
I made a suicide scale. Hoping it could help others.
PREACH
i’m 365 days clean from selfharm baby
To the man who saved my life and never knew
To the person who deleted their post few minutes ago.
Today is my birthday and I'm 18 days clean! I want to share my victory with you guys because I'm quite alone.
Want an emotional support animal but can't have one? Get a stuffed animal.
Today I am officially 1 month clean of self harm. I took a bath and bought cupcakes at the supermarket. I feel happy for the first time in a long time :')
I got out of bed today :)
3 weeks clean. I've painted every time I had a major craving. I'm up to 95 canvases. So an average of 4.5 a day.
There is an Arabic saying and it goes like this:
My Dad shot himself today..
6 WEEKS SINCE I LAST SELF HARMED GUYS! I cooked and watched anime. Life is good :)🌈
i’m one month clean of self harm :’)
I don't have a lot of people in my life right now, but i wanted to share this: I chose life this morning. I chose my raggedy, rundown broken life. I chose me. And I think I chose well.
1 YEAR TODAY WITH NO ATTEMPT SUICIDE AND A MAJOR EPISODE
Anyone else feeling very behind everyone their age. Like they're accomplishing all these things and I'm just here.
Just because you’re struggling doesn’t mean you’re failing. Big shout out to all in the community who made it through another day. You’re all amazing. You got this.
Depression does NOT mean feeling sad. Depression is a medical term for functioning below necessary levels
People who welcome you back with open arms after ghosting them during a severe depressive episode are like gold
TODAY I AM 5 YEARS SELF HARM FREE
You are not lazy, losing interest in a loved activity could be a warning sign
I think that “13 reasons why” is a very bad way of “spreading awareness”
It's okay if all you did today was survive
It's awful how mental health is never a valid excuse in college
Me irl
After 9 years of homelessness I have a roof over my head and feel good.
Women, you are not rehabilitation centers for badly raised men.
My boyfriend undressed me without asking. It’s not what you think though.
Is it just me or did everyone's mental health has gotten severely worse since the quarantine?
Stop saying "How would your parents feel" to the suicidal
I ate today!
1 week free from selfharm!
27 days cut free and I trusted myself long enough to shave my legs. I am smoooooooooth. And no nicks!
I made it 24 hours without cutting myself or drinking
I hate that no matter how hard you work to get your mental health under control, mental illness doesn’t just go away. It’s a constant struggle.
Anyone else get these short waves of getting all pumped up to do more stuff in life? But then 10 min later remember that basically life is pointless.
I'm no longer suicidal !
don’t you just love how mental disorders are basically buy one get seven free
I did it.
After putting off my driver’s license for four years due to my depression... I passed my test today!!!!!! 🥳
Read this, you need to hear it whoever you are. This is a sign.
“Depression is being colourblind and constantly told how colourful the world is.” - Atticus
Does anyone else feel okay but then one thing just shatters you’re vibe and you go numb.
People who say things like "they should've asked for help" when somebody commits suicide are ignorant
My cat saved my life today
Y’all I am ONE MONTH SELF HARM FREEEEEE!
Does your depression ever make you feel that you're not depressed enough to have depression?
Live, Laugh, and Love
Celebrating 6 months since I stopped cutting 🥳
Does anyone else get angry about how much effort you have to put in to stay stable?
3 months ago my best friend was diagnosed with clinical depression because so many bad things were happening in the world. I didn't have silghtest Idea about it. So I created an app for him.
Personal hygiene is exhausting with depression. Who can relate?
i finally showered and brushed my teeth after a depressive episode
Do you ever feel like the more you learn the more depressing the world is?
I self harmed since i was about 9.i haven't done it in 2 years now and don't have the urge to. Yay
This is what suicidal looks like
Does anyone else feels like their mental illness make them stupid/forgetful?
If you text “Home” to 741741 when feeling sad, anxious, or are in emotional crisis, a crisis worker will text you back immediately and continue to text with you.
Hey... so... is anyone else too afraid to leave the house because they don’t want to be seen by other humans and they just want to be invisible?
A friend sent me this poem yesterday, I didn't realize how badly I needed to hear this.
i’ve been clean from self harm for one year!!
I've gone a whole calendar month without any suicidal thoughts
I just want someone to be proud of me
I DIDNT HAVE A PANIC ATTACK TODAY!!
It really annoys me when people mock your mental illness in private. Then pretend to be an advocate in public.
As of today I have been officially clean from self harm for a whole year.
A comic for people worried about starting medication
Dont forget to take your meds
It's been 100 days since I last self-harmed.
I hate when people say, “well things could be worse” because if you’re not coping with your current circumstances that’s an irrelevant point that really just makes you feel weak for not handling the present circumstances.
Does anyone else feel inadequate when compared to others who are their same age?
The brain is a physical organ too. Judging a person having mental health issues is like saying, "It's just a heart/kidney problem. Get over it".
“Mental illness is like fighting a war where the enemy’s strategy is to convince you that the war isn’t happening.”
I've noticed the people who say "don't have a negative mindset and you'll be happy" have been very quiet lately.
After 4 years, 7 months and now 3 days, I am anorexic free!
I showered every day this week
2 years with no attempting suicide
Is anyone else deeply depressed and barely hanging on?
When you hear "RESPECT YOUR ELDERS" its just an excuse that the older generation uses to avoid being held accountable for their abusive behaviors and/or beliefs.
I ate the everything in my plate for the first time in a week.
RIP Chadwick Boseman
Read this, please
Things that I didn't realize were anxiety
Good job
100 days self harm free today!
Do you ever sometimes think you’re not mentally ill? And then when you are back to a low spot you think “nope. Definitely mentally ill.” Lol
Depression isn’t an aesthetic
So my therapist messaged me on Grinder 🤪
Today Marks 1 year since I've cut!! IM PROUD OF ME
Does anyone else stay up at night just because they don't want to 'wake up' the next day?
Saw a scar on my Arm from a serious suicide side attempt years ago and counted some "firsts" I would have missed out on, made me smile.
After years of BPD and a suicide attempt today I cried tears of joy because I realized I've started genuinely enjoying my life
Aspergers Syndrome in a nutshell:
I’m an agoraphobe who has hardly left the house in 3 years. This week, I’m going to the movies BY MYSELF! This will be a huge accomplishment if I can do it! Anyone else been there? Tips?
We need mental health education to become a staple in our societies
I asked for help instead of cutting myself
There should be a psychiatrist instead of a school councillors to talk to students about their mental health.
hey you
I just sat down and smiled genuinely just out of nowhere. Only a few years ago I was contemplating suicide, I am proud of this change I've made for myself. But if your ever feeling down my inbox is always open.
My life
I got dressed and brushed my hair today!
I made my therapist cry today
Well, this is appropriate here.
I wish family members would STOP saying "Everyone has anxiety, you need to learn to control it." They know I have two anxiety disorders. I tell them countless times to stop. This is why I am MOVING SEVERAL PROVINCES AWAY. They do not respect my boundaries. I can't wait until I move in December.
My psychologist told me to kill myself
Bernie Sanders is the only Democrat fighting for universal mental health care
You won reddit
I have a million reasons to die, but I have ONE reason to live. ONE friend who cares about me. AND I'M GOING TO FUCKING LIVE FOR HIM
YAY
I didn’t realize how long I’d gone without laughing until something made me genuinely laugh
I'm proud of all of you for being here today. For choosing life.
I haven't self harmed since 2 years
I Am Thoroughly Disgusted By The Portrayal of Mental Health in 13 Reasons Why Season 4, And Disturbed By the Amount of People Defending It.
Its not much but after 15 years of self harming, it has been one year to the day since I last had an incident. Longest Ive ever gone.
Is anyone else depressed about working for the rest of our lives
You're not everyone's cup of tea
7 hours ago I found out that the girl I've been trying to get over for the past year and half killed herself more than 10 months ago and I'm shattered.
Broke down during my night shift in the ER tonight
I (m22) got yelled for openly crying on the beach.
I’m proud that you’re alive today
Whatever happens, don't let "theepicking777" bully you into misery
Did anyone else always get called mature when they were young, and then develop anxiety or add or depression or ocd?
The thought of working 40+ hours for the rest of my life makes me want to end it
This checklist has helped me through some tough times, so I thought I'd pass it on.
Heyyy you
Me with work.
Suicide hotlines are useless for people struggling with mental illness
Does anybody else with depression struggle with bad emotional lows right after a really good event with someone you really care about comes to an end?
im 2 days clean from self harm !
I feel bad for my cat because we don’t have a routine anymore.
My little sister slid a note under my door telling me she loved me.
True
I finally shaved my beard after a year! And I sent 9 job applications in a roll! This all happened in one day!
Ever stay asleep because dreams are more attractive than reality?
i completely shut down and suddenly "ghost" other people when i get hit by depressive episodes
I GOT 9 HOURS OF SLEEP LAST NIGHT
I love you
2 nights ago I lost my best friend, my father, to his mental health issues. I just pray he is finally at peace. Please always reach out to your loved ones who struggle with depression and remind them that they are never alone. Love you forever daddy.
Emotion Color Wheel. My therapist gave me this as a visual aid; it helps me to figure out what I'm feeling in the midst of panic attacks. I hope it helps you as well.
After several years of therapy I no longer hate myself. I now hate everyone else though 🤨
I told my whole family I was raped by my dad my whole life...
Just because some people don't make a scene of their mental disorders, doesn't mean they aren't struggling
Does anyone else have this running "I hate myself" voice in their head that spontaneously replays over and over?
People who are battling mental ilness on their own because mental health is still taboo in your country or because you don't have the money to afford treatment, raise your hand!✋
I made a big breakfast after months of not washing, barely eating, just not taking care of myself. It’s been ages. I’m proud. :D
I learned an important lesson from my therapist about healing.
I [14F] Survived A School Shooting and Now I Feel Numb
Would someone take the time to wish me a happy birthday? I don't have anyone and don't want to feel so alone today.
You don't need to have a crazy story to be valid
150 Days today without self harming!
Does anyone else get a high from being with friends or family, and then afterwards crash into depression?
You can sound confident & have anxiety. You can look healthy but feel like shit. You can look happy & be miserable inside. You can be good looking & feel ugly. So be kind, because every person is fighting a battle you know nothing about
Today I was at the pool with my apparent scars for the first time in my life and I am incredibly proud of myself :') ♡
Does anyone grieve the potential they had but lost to mental illness?
I recently read this and I think it might help someone else too: “Always do your best” doesn’t mean “work until you collapse”. If you push yourself past your best abilities you will do worse. Doing your best means knowing your limits and working within them.
I don't want quarantine to end
61 days self harm free, and fifteen days off lexapro. It does get better people :)
My reason for getting out of bed every morning...
Does anyone else feel like they're simply existing & not living?
I ate in a restaurant by myself!
21 yr old M here just to say that yes boys can have eating disorders too
It’s nights like tonight.. I wanted to cut so bad and instead I just wrote I love myself.
I'm so happy I didn't commit suicide last May.
Shoutout to anyone who is spending Easter alone due to their mental issues. You’re not alone.
4 years clean of self harm
I don't know if this is the right place to post this, but I just want to tell SOMEONE
Stop blaming your shit parenting on my phone.
I just got my first paycheck at my first job ever.
I brushed, flossed, used mouthwash, got lunch with my mom AND played video games!
I finally took a shower and brushed my teeth !
I regret having a baby :(
Threatening suicide as a means of control: It is toxic. Don't do it.
It’s been 18 months since I’ve self harmed!
Stop telling boys that they shouldn't cry.
Saw this whilst taking a comfort stop
2 months self harm free!
A seagull ate my hotdog, and I realised how much I want to be alive.
An entire room erupted in laughter at the mention of mental health
COVID-19 Is a bitch. If anyone during this time is having a hard time coping, anxious, suicidal, just bored or depressed. Please vent to me and I will do my best to help you and your feelings/thoughts!
I asked Dan Harmon for advice on dealing with depression, and he was kind enough to deliver
I just want to go home sometimes
Anyone else’s anxiety going crazy with all that’s going on in the world?
I hate when people say suicide is selfish
Does anyone else with depression (or really any illness or just in general) not even have the motivation to watch shows?
i just cried because i couldn't put an ikea bed together
6 months self-harm free!
To the barista at Starbucks-
I’m 1,000 days clean from self harm today
I Got Out of Bed and Ate Today
For anyone else alone on Christmas, remember it’s just another day, and it will pass.
It’s been 10 years since my suicide attempt and I’m so glad I didn’t succeed!!
I just had my very first business related phone call today (for graphic design) and I’m so proud of myself! Talking on the phone is always hard for me and I did it!! 😌😌😌😌😌
I know Im a stranger but if anyone out there is feeling alone, depressed, scared, etc. And just needs a human to connect with, youre welcome to message me. We’re all in this together.
I did it! I asked a question in class!!!
Mental health problems are not beautiful or trendy and I am so done with the media glamorizing it.
watched the joker last night
Does anyone else hate the "If I can do it, you can do it" mentality
There is no feeling worse than being too scared to live but too scared to die.
I finally have a friend.
I wish there were mental illness recovery homes where individuals with the same diagnosis can live and recover together.
Pretty Ugly
Deleted all social media last night & feeling like a huge weight has been lifted off of me
My suicidal thoughts and depression.
Sometimes I just want to drive off of the road and wreck my car so people will come to my bedside and tell me they're happy im alive.
F*** COVID-19! [NSFW Language]
If you are suffering from depression or suicidal thoughts, this the wisdom I’ve gathered since my suicide attempt a decade ago.
Repeat After Me
I did it
I showered today.
I just had sex for the first time since I was raped
Mental health resources are a whole lot of bullshit. Deciding to reach out for help is supposed to be the hard part. Not getting it.
Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shares about dealing with depression: "Make sure you're talking to good people about it. No shame in getting help and wanting to be better."
Watching all your friends moving on and doing stuff with there life while you're frozen in time and have no motivation to do anything at all>>>>>
Tired of playing scenarios in my head that don’t even exist.
“How’s is your everyday?”
I got connected to the same suicide hotline operator twice
To those whose mothers' love wasn't unconditional
Sometimes we need to laugh at our struggles. I hope you all are feeling well today.
I hate how people are expected to wait weeks, possibly MONTHS for mental health appointments.
Anyone else hate telling anyone how you feel because you feel like a burden
I called a suicide hotline recently and was dismissed because I’m a man and I have Tourette’s. 💦🦄😖
I got an apology from my old psychiatrist
The life you are living is for you. Do it for yourself. It isn’t for anybody else. Live for you, honour you & love you. Never lose eye on that
Why isn’t there a such thing as an urgent care designed specifically for mental health emergencies?
Does anyone else get heavy criticism while have anxiety attacks? "You're overreacting" "fine, just have it your way then if you're going to make it such a problem" " you're ruining this by blowing it out of proportion" "you're not thinking right, so I'll make decisions for you" or is it just me?
I went to a protest and rocked this sign!
2nd day without self harm
Virtual hugs to all of you :)
Whoever comes across this, you're doing fine. Just remember that there's a whole community of people who understand and we're here.
You Are A Total Badass
My mental health is the equivalent of a dodgy knee. I'm not going to win any marathons but that doesn't mean i can't do one (and finish it in my own time)
Maybe the last time I hugged my son.
First post. I’ve struggled with depression for over 12 years and I rarely put actual emotion, and pain into my art. Last week I completed my first attempt at expressing how I feel waking up lately, struggling with my depression and suicidal thoughts. Here it is: “The Hand I Was Dealt”
In love with this, thought it might validate a few others as well! Artist is Megan Fabbri, she's very talented and fun
For the first time in my life, I talked with a professional about this and was told that I was downright abused and it's like a weight has been lifted off - It wasn't my fault. I wasn't a troubled kid.
I finally got the balls to sign myself up for a therapist!
I don't wanna die, just don't want to keep living.
It's okay to be a male with mental health problems.
To all those suffering today: Have a safe and calm Xmas.
Depression and anxiety dominate my life but fuel my creativity
Self harm free for 10 years!
Last month I attempted suicide for the 4th time. Today I was promoted a week into my new job. It does get better.
Isn’t this the truth!
True
Recently accepted i'm a Transgender Woman, celebrating and being good to myself today by doing my makeup and treating myself to a nice ladies night in by myself
The popular saying to “follow your heart/instincts/inner voice” is only helpful for those who have a proven track record of a healthy internal thought process. At 35 I’m learning that for me this is bad advice and I found that helpful to me to understand i interpret the world differently than most.
My friend died by suicide. Please listen to her wisdom & help me honor her.
Is it rude to tell people my dad died by suicide?
Even if it doesn't go away, you can get better at dealing with it
This is a battle I’m going to fight until the end. If I die, I’m going to die on my feet. My memory and appetite might be quickly declining, (as evidenced by neuropsychological tests). But I’m not going to die quietly.
Does anyone else feel like they just don't have an identity since you spend so much time coping with your illness?
Today I Got Up
Self Care
We had a protest in NYC called "I'M MENTALLY ILL, AND I DON'T KILL."
Guilting people out of suicide by telling us to think of our families isn’t the answer!
How do I stop creating fake scenarios in my head that upset me?
Does anyone feel dramatic/like a giant burden after they start talking about their emotions?
I wanna go home, but I’m already home.
My depression is not an "aesthetic". It's not cute to be a "sad boy/sad girl".
Do you ever feel like you're just so, so starved for human connection
Thinking about starting a subbreddit and or a Facebook group called "MENtality". A place where men can freely talk about their problems, to reach out to each other and help each other.
Everyone who's feeling down today, FEEL HUGGED. Let's wallow in our pain together (･ω･)つ⊂(･ω･)
Does anyone else feel like they sound overly dramatic/crazy when they open up and try to verbalize their feelings? Everyday thoughts that don't feel like a big deal, but sound like they are?
Does anyone else get uncomfortable when people do nice things for you because you hate yourself?
Everytime I talk to a mental health provider about anything
This is a shout out to everyone having a down day. Keep going! Tomorrow might well be better and allow yourself to let the good times outweigh the bad, it may not seem like it now but the good days are worth putting up with the bad ones! Stay strong, you are loved!
Can we please let men open up without derailing?
Does anyone else just want to sleep to escape reality
High schools need therapists and real resources for suicidal students, not just non-suicide contracts
I'm proud of myself
It's okay to stay alive and stay healthy for the little things
My anorexia recovery
Dear mentally stable people: I’m not lazy!
Just want to give a shoutout to the person I love, who finally today, after 32 years, admitted that he needs to go to therapy
You don't need to "make the most" of this global pandemic
I stop replying to people for no reason
Do yoy guys feel like you don't deserve to be with your boyfriend/girlfriend because you feel like a messed up person and don't deserve happiness?
My boyfriend just killed himself
I tried so hard to love this country, but after all of the racism and indifference I’ve faced, I’m happy I can finally leave.
STOP. ROMANTICISING.MENTAL.ILLNESS
Why are mental hospitals so fucked up and why aren't we allowed to talk about it?
you ever push everyone you used to cherish out of your life because you overthink what that thing they said means when it really doesn't mean that and your anxiety creates false narratives of situations resulting in self destruction?
You made it.
Does anybody ever feel numb for a long time and one day you get a slight rush of happiness and it makes you very emotional?
Does anyone feel like you want to hide and be alone for a few days after social interactions?
I nearly killed myself today but I’m still here
I Made FREE Mental Health Printables! (Planners, Self-Care Tips, etc.)
"That’s why I don’t believe in killing yourself, because when you’re killing yourself, you’re killing a self you ain’t met yet. You’re killing yourself over your past, but what you killing is not your past—it’s already happened; you’re killing your future. 24 hours can turn your entire life around."
My first psychiatric appointment is today. Wish me luck!
Treating someone terribly and telling them to go to therapy is kinda like punching someone in the face and telling them to see a doctor
one year clean from self-harming
If anyone needs to vent or need advice with mental health. I will be here to listen to you (no matter what age) and help you as best as I can to make your day a lot better today. I love and support you❣️🌸☀️
Anybody else spend all day counting the hours until they can go back to sleep?
my friend just called me gross for struggling with hygiene
I think mental health is a great subreddit because people come to places like these with humility and honesty. This is one place we are all the same.
I don't know who needs to hear this..
“Maybe I should suicide myself?”
40 days hurt free. My urges are still strong, but I'm doing ok.
A year ago I left my abusive relationship... A week ago I left my abusive job!
Online school is horrible
You are still here. You are the strongest version of yourself.
PSA: It's OK to struggle with something that is hard, even when everyone else is in the same boat.
Does any one else get suspicious when life is going well and you’re happy?
I want to hug everyone that's hurting right now and tell them that we all will make it through.
Just wanted to tell someone
People LOVE to love mental illnesses when it’s the broken sadness hopeless depression type but won’t hesitate to send us to jail or get us assassinated for a single slip of the angry uncontrollable emotions type
Today I realised that the negative voices and the constant doubts going round in my head, the bad feelings ect ect aren't me, they're an illness invading my mental space.
I’m almost 24 and feel like I’ve wasted my life overthinking, being anxious or depressed, having no direction in life, wanting to cut or commit suicide, being emotionally isolated from family, having no social life, feeling angry all the time, wasting money on a useless degree…
About 6 years ago I accidentally saw child porn on instagram and to this day I can't get the images out of my head. I feel too embarrassed to bring this up to my therapist and idk what to do.
Just cause ur black dont mean u cant have mental illness
If you were abused or felt unloved, unwanted, unheard or hated yourself as a child, please read this.
sitting on my bed with my blanket over my head and body while playing animal crossing has become my new way of coping
Changing the way you speak helps to change your perspective.
My depression is lifting. I haven't felt this happy in 3 years.
Does anyone else overly explain themselves about almost anything and or say sorry WAY TOO MUCH?
Is anyone else struggling to hang on right now?
cleaned my room for the first time in years
Who can relate?
My dad told me I’m getting ‘fatter’. I didn’t finished eating. Weighed myself (no weight movement). Went to the toilet and forced vomit. I just don’t want to eat anymore. They know I’m bulimic for almost a decade. Work from home is affecting my mental health and hearing those words made it worse.
Give yourself the same love and affection you give to other people and watch yourself blossom to something special
I'm struggling with something and I'm not even sure what to call it, so please help
I wish that therapy wasn’t so outrageously expensive in the US.
Life gets a whole lot better when you stop waiting for other people to love you and start loving yourself
can a kid have mental health issues?
I feel bad that many posts in this group don't get many replies. lets try reply to two other posts for every post we put!
Someone here in Reddit messaged me to kill myself because of my previous post in another mental illness subreddit
Today you have done enough by being
Have anxiety -> go on meds -> no more anxiety -> go off meds -> have anxiety
Going from extremely horny to feeling numb to being sad to feeling nervous and anxious to being on the verge of crying and having a mental breakdown to feeling sad and being unmotivated to feeling extremely angry is completely exhausting
A toddler said hi to me today and it made me feel human.
Was anyone else called a spoiled brat growing up (or anything close to that) but now realize it was a mixture of poor parenting and undiagnosed mental health issues?
i went to school on time today
Threw out a self harm tool.
Why does my (20m) mind immediately default to suicide when something bad happens to me?
I actually took care of myself today
Animals know
How many people are we going to lose to suicide due to this quarantine?
I have been really happy lately
I feel like a burden to my friends when I ask them to talk about my mental health
I finally told my mom
Anyone here indifferent to being alive but not suicidal?
Parents kept my mental illness a secret from me for 3 years. I had early onset childhood Schizophrenia at age 12. How do you think parents should go about breaking the news to a young child?
To everyone struggling to go to school or work this morning,
I'm clean from self harm :)
5 days blade free. I forced myself to use colours. Hopefully it will brighten your day, somewhat.
Good kid
The cost for inpatient mental health treatment is fucking shameful.
I finally shaved!!!
Mental illnesses do not affect us in equal ways, but they all suck.
Working in an ICU showed me the other side of suicide
Andy Richter’s response to “Depression is a choice.” Nailed it.
1 year clean!!
I put blankets over my head when I'm sad and pretend I'm a turtle.
I think I was/am an unintentionally toxic person and its torturing me
I hate it here
I know it's weird to celebrate but yesterday was the most "normal" day I've had in 3 years
You’re not a fucking manic pixie dream girl, and mania is not cute
Just about sums it up
Does anyone else feel guilty for their struggles with mental health?
Mental health has no direct “cure” and a lot of the times I think we have to figure it out on our own. Society doesn’t necessarily understand our struggle and we have to try and show them why mental health care is important.
I built a free mental health app after being stuck in my tiny studio in NYC
is anyone super obsessed with how they walk?
Let's love ourselves as well as each other. (x-post blackpeopletwitter)
Anyone slowly realize they were very talented at something just to have mental illness destroy everything?
This mirror constantly made me feel like shit. Olanzapine and effexor has ruined my skin and I've put on a decent amount of weight. I hate what was looking back at me. So I did the only thing I can do well. Painted the mirror. I hate it less now.
Today, I managed.
Half years ago, I begged myself to live for one month longer, Tomorrow, I am going to my first job interview. Guys, no matter how hard it is, we could all recover to a better self.
I’m strapped to an oxygen machine and having a panic attack. I haven’t slept in 2 weeks; please does someone have a hug to spare and tell me it’s going to be ok; is anyone there
My rabbit was killed today
Some psychologists say "it doesn't matter if parents tried their best, what matters is that the child never felt that it was enough".
Six months after my suicide attempt, I’m traveling alone and loving life.
I went on a run today!
What do you think life is like for people who don’t struggle with mental illness at all?
We need to change the way we talk about anxiety and depression.
Friendly reminder: just because you feel fine on your meds, doesn't mean you'll feel the same without them.
(23F) It’s so hard processing mental illness in the Black Community.
If you need to talk/vent I'm open for how long you need bc mental health is super important
Has anyone else had depression and other mental illnesses for so much of your life that you feel like it's part of your identity and as much as you hate it you can't imagine yourself without it?
Does anyone else feel "addicted" to their depression...?
I’m starting to understand why people love life. Just after 1 week of lexapro.
I made an appointment
Spending Christmas alone in bed with beer and joints, feels amazing not having the pressures of my shitty family around. Fuck them if they're not a positive part of your life.
I feel so unproductive and cannot motivate myself to be productive
Birthday today!
Reaching an age I didn’t think I’d reach
Allies in this
100 days alive today
Why is mental health help so unbelievably difficult to get?!
Being lonely in the 21st Century where we are living in a super-connected world is fricking hard, mentally taxing and it burns me out
Why is mental health still stigmatized in 2020?
u/administrativeRow2. Stop using these subreddits to promote and message people about your cbd.
whether you’re one day, one week, one month clean, good job. i love you.
The medical system in the United States is awful.
Do you ever feel like you’re easily forgotten or just unwanted?
4 months clean from cutting
You ever have that feeling that your friends secretly hate you?
I showered for the first time in 5 days
I cry when people tell me I’m good enough
Accepting who you are, such a cliché, and yet
Does anybody else get that intense deep feeling of emptiness after watching some movies?
Keep going. You did not come this far, just to come this far
3 Years Today
I deleted my social media
I want to live
Is it normal to talk to yourself?
U.S. Suicide Rates Are the Highest They've Been Since World War II
my brain tries to convince me that everyone secretly hates me
My girlfriend cleaned my face for me the other day and I’ve never felt happier
I CLEANED MY ROOM
Had hours long panic attack and rough therapy session, came home to this.
To the Teenagers of Reddit That Go Through Severe Anxiety or Depression
How come no one talks about how hard it is to find a good therapist?
You are right on time.
22 veterans commit suicide a day. Today, one of them did it in front of me. If you are hurting, please reach out and ask for help
This sub is flooded with people asking for help with no one there to give it.
Mental illness isn’t a choice, we don’t wake up one day and say “Hey you know what?! I want to start hearing voices in my head. That sounds like a great idea! Let’s throw in some anxiety and a dash of depression while we’re at it!”
I just want a test that tells me what’s wrong with me and how to fix it, is that too much to ask?
Does anyone else hate how people throw around the terms "narcissist" and "sociopath" on Reddit?
Im putting my dog down today, I’ve never had to deal with a death in the family, this is my first time and feel so scared and sad
Coronavirus Anxiety Workbook (Free)
Toxic relationships and friendships are worse for your mental health than you think they are at the time
One of my fish died last night :(
I’m in love with my fake boyfriend
I need a hug
Literally in a car getting taken to a mental house right now. Wish your boy luck x
Receiving help is not that easy. Why does society make it seem like when you reach out, you'll immediately get help?
Constantly thinking "I need to go home" but I am at home. On my bed.
I WENT TO THERAPY FOR THE FIRST TIME
I AM ALIVE
I had my first ever therapy session just now!!
My mother told me to find somewhere else to kill myself.
Whenever I’m stressed/depressed/anxious all I can do is compulsively scroll on my phone
This isn't important but... 2 years ago today
Has anyone else been excluded their entire life
No, mental illness is not like having a broken leg
Does anyone else feel like they're just... existing?
My mom told me I’m faking my anxiety and depression. “Nothings wrong with you, you’re lazy and use your depression as an excuse to not do shit.” And “what do you struggle with? You don’t have a life.”
Does it annoy anyone else that in TV shows it’s depicted that if a character is on antidepressants they take them whenever they’re in a stressful situation?
What I did today for my mental health today.
You wouldn't emotionally abuse another person so why would you emotionally abuse yourself?
Achieved 1000 karma, even though it doesn't really mean anything, it made a rough day a little easier.
I cried because a virtual pet told me it was grateful to have me.
Please
Self care few tips.
Do y’all mentally ill isolated people sometimes just want someone to hug you and give you a compliment?
Just a reminder: you're winning as long as you are alive. You're rocking this.
Driving around for hours listening to Nine Inch Nails and getting pulled over by the military police has been an oddly enlightening experience.
I think people who make jokes/say that people need to “man up” or “grow a pair” or “be a man” are part of the problem.
Does anyone else feel like they downplay how bad they're feeling to therapists, doctors etc?
I need to tell you something
2 more hours and i will have streamed for 24 hours straight in the name of mental health awareness (:
Building a game that's supposed to give depressed people coping tools
Why are cries for help always mistaken as attention seeking behavior?
Today I actually took care of myself without telling myself "I'll do it later"
People don't realise how lucky they are to have good mental health
CONFESSION: Hearing successful people claim to have mental illness makes me insecure.
i deleted my social media accounts and i feel better now i promise to myself that i won't stalk my ex and focus on my school and for now everything is fine i'm better
I ate and didn't purge for the first time in 2 weeks. So happy!
Words to live by ~ Anthony Hopkins
My girlfriend struggles with anxiety and depression, and I want to know how to give support best I can.
can someone just give me a hug and tell me everything will be ok
The fact that not everyone recovers from mental illness makes feel so bad
I'm finally off my anti-depressants after 8 years. I'm now 31.
Posted on r/incels this is where I draw the fucking line. Just because you think you have it worse doesn’t mean other people have it better. Hating women to the extent that you belittle their struggles is fucked up
I found a person who said having a mental illness automatically makes you crazy or mentally incompetent.
Just got home from the Dentist. I have to lose all of my teeth.
Why do people say stuff like "don't date until you get your depression/anxiety/mental health sorted"?
My Golden Rules of Life with Mental Illness
Am I the only one whose mental state seems to have improved from being isolated for this long?
Stop diagnosing people in the comments - You are not a doctor
My 13yo son’s school project about battling depression
Toxic people are a thing
i have insanely horrible Major Depressive Disorder & if you watched this video of me playing music terribly it would make me happy
I'm proud of myself
My 9-year-old is madly obsessed with me. Any advice?
We are asking Congress to take action on the mental health crisis in America.
Small win
I did things today.
If mental health actually was important in our culture, shouldn't there be more of a conversation (and regulation) on the barrage of advertisements we face every day that target and strengthen personal insecurities as a way to sell their products?
I just found out why I’ve been depressed
I love you.
Does anyone else get the feeling that no one cares what you have to say despite wanting to let it out?
Be kind
Making effort with people mentally drains me
I want to kill myself but I don’t really want to stop existing, can someone help me understand what’s wrong with me and how to ask for help?
Just a quick reminder
I'm 26 and I just booked my very first dentist appointment. I'm so proud of myself yet midly terrified
I love you
Broke down in front of my manager
Never feel guilty for being depressed
The worst part about having a mental illness is people expect you to behave as if you don’t.
I am showered and content.
Do you ever feel like you don't have the same thirst for life as others?
Does anyone else find it difficult to differentiate between personality traits and mental illness symptoms?
[humour] coping mechanism
Does anyone else struggle with "feeling stupid" all the time?
Just another rape story
I can’t take this Coronavirus shit anymore!
Getting a dog turned out to be the best thing for my mental health.
[Personal victory] For the first time ever, I was able to calm myself down after a panic attack, instead of going crazy in my own head
I managed to clean the apartment today.
Just been told my crippling mental health problems don't matter cause I'm "privileged to be a white man".
Dad tried to commit suicide while on the phone with me
It's my birthday today.
"You don't look like you have schizophrenia."
Instagram removed my picture of my manicure because I had visible scars
Does anyone else feel like they have no idea who they are?
A close family member passed last year due to mental health and substance abuse issues. Today is his birthday. Please read this.
Is it normal to create a "fake world" as a coping/daydreaming method
For people with depression, does anybody else feel like their depression is episodic?
Who here is beating depression with no support network?
Try you’re best to believe it- I’m still struggling to
Ya
1 Month Clean Today
After 2 years, 2 months and eight days, I'm finally off my antidepressants!!!
Do you ever wonder how people seem to have energy to do literally anything but bare minimum?
I was finally accurately diagnosed after 12 years thanks to the show 'Crazy Ex-Girlfriend'
There’s something beautiful about this quote
I can't stop cringing about myself and it's hurting me
Via /r/me_irl
Does anyone else feel sad a lot, but then feels guilty because you have no reason to feel sad?
My depression took my personality
Don’t wait until you achieve your goal to be proud of yourself. Be proud for every step you take to your end goal
I started a project called "Behind Mental Health", currently its a small project of just myself sharing my personal stories and struggles with anxiety and depression. I am currently looking for some feedback and maybe volunteers interested in sharing their stories/struggles.
Haven't showered in weeks
If you live in America, Good luck with affording Mental Health Perscriptions
Today my Daddy would have turned 60 years old, if only he could have admitted he needed help.
So far you’ve survived 100% of your worst days!
I no longer want to die.
This is for the ones who had a rough week this week. I want to tell you “I find you beautiful❣️ and that is all☺️” I hope your weekend brings you joy so you can recharge for next week! For the ones who had a good week, same goes to you “I find you beautiful and that is all❣️🥰
Hi guys, my wife has just self published and illustrated her very own book for young children who suffer with anxiety and depression. We need to teach this and help our young learn from an early age. Please help me by getting the message out there. https://www.trademe.co.nz/2412984773
I FINISHED A PAPER AND A LOT OF HOMEWORK I FEEL AWSOME
Finally qualify for a PTSD/Depression service dog. I meet this sweet girl on Tuesday.
Getting a cat helped my mental health
I wish I wasn’t ok
I don't want to turn into a violent, angry, incel [M 21]
Anyone else high functioning and feel like they arent taken seriously?
I got a job!
Greece: Can you help us get front page? Mental institutions all around Greece haven't been paid for 17 months.
"Its because I love you, dumbass."
I am not suicidal anymore, but sometimes by brain will have a suicidal thought totally unprovoked and out of the blue. Why is this? Does anybody else have this?
Anyone else here feel like the world is not meant for them?
A lot of the time, family members can negatively impact your mental health when they don’t understand that what you are feeling is real.
Masks helping with anxiety. Anyone else?
To all those having a hard time being okay on the holidays!
Hi! I have beaten depression and anxiety
Why are you so quiet?
Does anyone else feel like quality of life is one of the major causes of mental health problems but nobody seems to talk about that part?
I was feeling extra bad today, so I grabbed some cheap paints and started an episode of Bob Ross: Beauty is Everywhere
Because having a mental illness is so fun and relatable
You are more than the things that are "wrong" with you
To anyone who was hurt, abused, manipulated or ridiculed by parents/caregivers: it's not your fault and it's not your job to fix them and their shitty problems.
My guinea pig died and no one cares
Schizophrenia is very stigmatized
Is there potential for mental disorders to develop as a result of having toxic parents?
My girlfriend died several years back, and I met someone else now for the first time, but I’m struggling with this a lot.
Why is mental health care so inaccessible?
Do you ever feel like everyone around you thinks you’re “too much”?
Suicidal father left this morning and never came back.
My whole world just collapsed.
I wrote a song following the aftermath of losing my younger brother to suicide and asked fellow redditors to submit short videos of someone they’ve lost or their own personal struggles with depression to raise awareness for mental health ❤️
happy mental health awareness month!!! 💚💚
progress
Does anyone else get the urge to go walk around late at night/into early morning when you know it’s dangerous, Especially when sad or anxious?
STOP WITH THE CBD SPAM
Last night this sub really helped me. I wanted to say thanks.
Seriously, thank you.
So... I just got ripped off during a drug deal gone wrong. And I'm done.
The realist shit that was ever said! I would love to retweet and quote this tweet, but some knob doesn't like when I moan on my twitter about my mental health, so I will share on here and my private one. Much love 🖤
Is it normal to sometimes feel nothing at all?
I finally informed my psychologist about my depression and suicodal thoughts. I finally opened up.
does anyone else do this?
Recently learned that childhood friend never existed
Has anyone else found that animals make their depression a lot better? I'm living away from home and have depression badly. I've since fostered these 2 and the distraction and their characters have made me feel happier. Reminds me of home and gives me something happy to think about.
Reminding me my death will hurt people makes it worse
Made my first therapist appointment!
Happier than ever, finally at the age of 23
We are failing our children
Don’t Give Up Yet
People who say that mental illness isn’t real or you shouldn’t take pills for it because it doesn’t show on the outside are literally wrong.
The days you don’t feel like going to therapy, are the days you should go the most.
Is it ok to cut my mother out of my life for my own mental health?
Hey Everyone :)
Helping Others While Being Broken
FUCK REDDIT
A good shower
Mental Disorder
3yo Survives On Bread And Butter For 4 Days After Mum Kills Herself At Home
For anyone else alone on Thanksgiving remember it’s just another day, and it will pass.
I got out of bed today. I ended up staying out of bed. Progress.
Death
I just cried for the first time in 4+ years
The result of my first art therapy class. I was surprised that it actually made me feel a bit better to just sit and paint for a while without any distractions.
Is there a (free) anonymous help/hot line for non emergencies? I’m not going to hurt myself or others but sometimes I have breakdowns and need someone to spill it on. It’s so hard to keep it in but also, no one wants it spilled on them.
I did a healthy coping mechanism!!<- Progress!!
What happens after deleting social media
RIP Desmond "Etika" Amofah, 1990 to 2019, a YouTuber and Twitch streamer who killed himself.
In the doctor waiting room right now. Almost didn’t come. Preparing myself to not be taken seriously.
Angry that businesses claim to support Mental Health Awareness day...
This may be random but...
I went the councelling today!
I didn’t cut or burn myself today
Depression is responsible for more lost years of healthy life than HIV; however, it only receives a tiny fraction of the aid HIV receives.
"You disgust me."
You are worth saving ❤️ World Suicide Prevention Day (Survivor here)
how to know if you've taken your medication (found on tumblr)
I don't want to have to be strong anymore
I cannot bring myself to do schoolwork at home
Being voluntarily admitted into a crisis center tonight and finally feeling some hope.
Shout out to everyone suffering
Does anyone get anxious because of time being limited
today i did something great
I got into grad school today
Does anyone feel like they just want to go home?
Father Went Missing Downtown Chicago. Get This Post Front To Front Page To Help Find Him
Normalizing going to therapy and accepting help isn’t the issue we should focus on, because it’s not as easy as it seems to get help.
To all the younger people here, this is a quick reminder to evaluate *why* you like someone with a mental illness.
"Personality tests" that come with job applications are kind of discriminatory towards neuroatypical people and people suffering from mental health problems.
Took my sister to a mental health facility and feel extreme guilt
Lifelines. I feel disconnected from the place that I call home.
Starting over tomorrow
Anyone else constantly dwelling on things?
If the hood is like a war zone, why are we not talking about PTSD instead of just giving up on the hood? I always wonder why mental health is not respected the same as any other illness. When the mind is sick it causes the person it’s inside of to do sick shit.
I’ve made it to 20
Hi all, I (F37) am feeling confused today. I recently had surgery (Monday) in an intimate area after coming from a sexually abusive relationship.
Is it ok that I still smell my dogs blanket a month after she passed?
Idk man im just really fcking sad
I know they are supposed to be supportive and build people up, but every time I see the viral "in case no one told you today, you are loved.....(etc) " and similar posts all it does is remind me I have depression. It can take me out of a really good mood and leave me feeling like crap. This just me?
How do I know whether I’m depressed, burned out, or just tired?
Do you ever feel just so relieved that you are away from the bad people in your life who you did not relate to in any way with who were no good for you and can finally leave them behind? Feels so good for me right now.
I just wanted to say that even though I am having a severe depressive episode and am drunk off my ass, that I love you all, and admire how strong you all are.
If you’re feeling alone...
Does anyone else forget that they're mentally ill?
Anyone else feel like they can't trust their own thoughts and feelings?
To everyone.
let's share our depression hacks that no one ever talks about
A poem I wrote about my friend who killed himself.
I'm a recovering anorexic and I made 4 portions of really good pasta last night to last me 3 days, I was proud.
To all the ones without social anxiety
A cop used my mental illness against me today and I feel bad and scared (TW: SI)
PSA: People with mental health issues aren’t conversation pieces
51 seconds you can afford to lose
Does anyone else feel like it's possible they may perceive reality differently than those around them?
Lesson learned: Do not show vulnerability to anyone but a paid professional. Everyone else will eventually use your weaknesses against you.
My mental health is getting worse due to coronavirus quarantine
My cousin was failed by the mental health services in the UK.
Everything is subjective. Either you think that it's sad that the roses have thorns, or you can choose to think that it's nice that the thornbush has roses
I crossed paths with a snowman I can really relate to. The worried, baffled facial expression really speaks to me.
I just came out of the most excruciating depressive episode of my life. I gave up fighting and completely isolated myself, convinced that there was no point in trying to overcome my circumstance. Depression’s nasty trick of delusion has me in it’s grips. I felt trapped. Today I feel free.
Did anyone else grow up with a family who didn't talk to each other?
Do you ever feel like you’re not you? Like...your just watching someone else’s life?
Just wanted to share something with you
The gang
I’ve finally confessed my mental issues to my mum.
When I was a kid, probably as young middle school, I really wished I had a therapist so I could talk to someone and be seen, is that normal?
I decided that life was worth living today
To My Friend
I quit my job yesterday and I feel great!
Does anyone else function really healthily under high stress/adrenaline but when you’re calm and in and safe environment you’re at your worst?
Take care of yourself before you take care of others... For real.
I feel like mental illness killed the smart, capable person I used to be
For some reason, my brain 'catches itself' being happy, and get sad instantly.
Does anyone ever feel so down and depressed that they know they need someone to talk to before they do something bad, but when they look through their phones they remind themselves that they have no one who will listen or care?
I just told my husband (the first person ive ever told) that i was sexually abused as a child. I feel so disgusting and so gross. Im scared he will leave and im so ashamed.
Guys. I’m not doing okay. Someone tell me I’ll be okay please 😥
Thinking about this gives me hope.
How the fuck do I stop caring about people who don’t care about me?!
I just realised that I haven’t thought about how much I hate myself at all for at least 24 hours!!!
Does anyone else feel gross after showing their emotional side.
Does anyone gets the feeling when they talk about their "anxiety" feels like they're seeking attention but they're not?
I cried today
Fuck this evil ass world this world is trying to keep me in the dark and sabotage me day in day out
I have a voice!
I'm not OK today
Why are so many mental health professionals absolute fucking assholes?
I got high and it allowed me to love myself. I also wrote a poem about it
I broke down last night
When I get into a really bad place or have to go to hospital, she always tries to cheer me up. This is my favorite.
My anxiety didn’t win this time! 😁
Can anyone talk? I'm losing my shit. I have no one these hours, and the ppl I have during reg folk hours do not hear me. Circling the drain. I fucking LOATHE asking for help. I'm fucking begging. Just one person. Give me the hope of one person in the world.
I’m not alive I just exist
I told my parents about my depression and they yelled at me...
I'm a therapist - for anyone looking for a free, accessible, safe, supportive community where you can talk about openly about mental health (even if between therapy sessions), I offer this option
I want to disappear,not to exist.I don't wanna die,I want just disappear.I don't wanna even be"nothing"I wanna disappear into the universe.I wanna go to the Heaven and cry from happiness.I want to feel something stronger than"calm".I understand nothing now.I feel bad or good?I wanna scratch my face
Shoutout to anyone who’s mental illness manifests itself in different ways so you constantly have to fight new battles; sometimes on a daily basis. I see you.
I've come to realize after years of suffering from depression that the only thing keeping me from suicide is a crippling fear of death. Not sure if that's a win or not but it's a nice balance.
Went outside and got some sun for the first time in over 2 years.
Trauma is not a competition
Have I suddenly become attractive or..?
Does anyone feel like they just can't do what other people do?
107 reasons to live
Shout out to all the people who have learned or are learning to be strong
i'm diagnosed with panic disorder, PTSD, narcolepsy, and depression. today, i got into stanford's (ranked #4) and delaware's (ranked #5) chemical engineering PhD programs.
For those of you too afraid to post.
I am not sure who needs to see this. If youre thinking of commiting suicide. Procrastinate. Put it off til tomorrow. Then when tomorrow comes put it off again.
I'm ok
How the "Good Vibes Only" culture is ruining the human experience
It isn't even the end of January and my mental health is in a better place than it was last year
Does anyone else find their anxiety dilutes their ability to focus?
Am I a terrible person? My mom gives me so much anxiety and I feel like that anxiety will only be gone, once she's gone.
Years ago I was the most motivated person I knew now on my two days off work I can’t even drag myself out of my bed, it’s like working nights makes my body think it’s always bedtime
Today I opened up to my uncle about my mental health and therapy and he told me about his therapy too
Does anyone else have issues with concentration and attention span during times of depression?
People
When Trump blames mass shootings on mental health problems
Something you might benefit from hearing
My wife shared something that really touched me concerning suicide and mental health
What I learned as a crisis line volunteer.
A year ago today I was doxxed
Hey you! Yes You!
I feel so guilty for taking "mental health days" off work
Stop accusing others of faking mental illness
I had two great weeks full of wins, and 2 months of doing a good job keeping my anxiety attacks at bay. Tonight I had a massive panic attack. But this doesn't mean I am not getting better !
Why does the mental health system have to be so fucking hard to navigate if you have anything other than depression or anxiety?
i'm starting a club with my english teacher to provide a calm, quiet space for anyone that's stressed or suffering from mental illness or maybe just needs someone to talk to. i could use some help coming up with a name.
i want you to kno that you are not alone♥️we are all in this together💕we will overcome our obstacles and our struggles will only make us stronger💖
Survived a panic attack in school today
my Semicolon Movement cattoo
How do you deal with having no friends?
Today is the first day of my(38m) life
If You Have A Mental Illness, DO NOT Smoke Weed Without Your Doctor's Approval
Quit my job
Can we all agree to not buy any CBD oil?
Some parents are toxic, period.
I told my mom I want to go back in therapy
I was talked out of an abortion at 18, now I'm 22 and struggling with bad mental health AND a child
Is there any hope at all for this world? I'm losing faith in human ingenuity to save us from the crises ahead. Global warming, disaster, plague. I'm losing motivation. Please help me.
It’s not that I want to die because I certainly don’t want to hurt my loved ones but maybe just disappear. Or somehow just have never existed. Ideally I could just learn that “obliviate” spell hermione used on her parents in HP
I am uncontrollably lying
Anybody find being poor really sucks?
My biggest regret is not killing myself
I want to tell you all about how much exercise is helping my mental health
I feel like I have to attempt suicide for people to take me seriously.
Counselor told me they’d have to call CPS if I had younger siblings
For the first time ever, someone validated my trauma.
Those of you in a bout of depression - please take a shower!
I literally lost everything. I don't know where to go from here.
My mom said " i didn't go through 9 months of torture just to end up with a child like you" and honestly same 😞
Do you have a nagging sense that you're inadequate to everyone else no matter what?
(rant) I can't talk to my friends about my anxiety, depression or eating disorders without them telling me they have it worse
I love you!
I literally can't imagine a future for myself. Does anyone else feel similar?
My depression makes me not want to be around people, but that also makes my depression worse.
Why Being Mentally Ill Is Harder Than Becoming a Navy Seal
I deactivated Facebook!
Rain is so calming...
Does your mental health affect the way you communicate?
The statement "it gets better" is not helpful. This notion needs to be replaced with ...
Does anyone else just get so bored of feeling like crap all the time?
it is catchy
"Cant be mentally ill if you have a good life"- an idiot
I need a hug, you need a hug, we all need a hug
Does anyone else sometimes have extremely intense feelings of nostalgia that sometimes gives them severe anxiety symptoms?
If all you did in 2017 was survive its ok
My (17m) sister (30) has borderline disorder and living with her is destroying me
Does anyone else fantasize about living on a dessert island away from any rules & society?
I always regret calling suicide prevention hotlines.
I'm gonna tell my friend I like her
Thank you to the 3 people who supported me
I have completely lost hope in society
Your one goal today is to be nice to yourself.
I want friends. I’m lonely
Me and my girlfriend are pretty much splitting up because of our shitty mental health, bad mental health can turn the best things bad
Started counselling today...
Removing toxic people from my life has become easier and easier.
Does anyone think that depression makes them a boring person?
Spent the evening depressed starting at the wall, but my floof was right there with me
"Vaginismus is one of the last remaining sexual taboos - and it's destroying people's lives"
Feeling anxious, nervous, or maybe a feeling you just can't explain? Do a 'check in'.
I feel stupid and brain damaged
Would my experience be considered traumatic?
I call my bupropion rx “Bu PROPOPO!” bc it makes taking my meds feel a little more festive
I went from standing over a bridge, prepared to jump, to 5 years sober and ready to change the world
How to not be bitter about other people having a more enjoyable human experience
📡Heyy!
Help is NOT available, and we will not improve mental health until we admit it
My worst bully got suspended
Does anyone else’s mental health affect their workouts?
everyone thinks being reliant on one’s partner and “not being able to live without them” is cute until they have borderline personality disorder
As soon as I am alone with my own thoughts I start crying
I keep remembering embarrassing episodes from my life and it's making me physically twitch
Does anyone feel like they’re in a constant state of fear?
Closure Does Not Exist
It’s one of the worst feelings in the world to be acting “crazy” and be conscious of the fact that you are a “crazy” person.
The difference between PTSD and C-PTSD.
My mum doesn't have an eating disorder but has been a chronic dieter for years. She helps me so much in my ED recovery, when I saw this sitting out in her bathroom, I just had to...
I feel like I can't do anything
Has anyone else been really struggling with reality for the past couple years?
2 years since my attempt
I will
The Office
I haven’t been able to leave my bed all day. Every time I even have to go use the bathroom I burst out in tears.
Doing a series on mental health, starting with my own. Depression (top left), Anxiety (bottom left), and Bipolar (right)
Last night I cut myself
Anxiety Attacks and Panic Attacks, they're not the same thing!
To those of you whose minds wont shutup at night
PSA: THERE IS NO CURE FOR MENTAL ILLNESS
Surge. 1 week clean today!
After many years of what seems like avoiding myself, I decided the first thing I would do was take a picture of myself I could actually stand to look at. If lost for a place to start, this got me moving.
I made this account 1 year ago to post here about how crap I was feeling on my birthday..
ive taken my medication for two weeks straight, have been able to calm myself down from panic attacks in the last few days, and havent bitten my nails in a month!
Please don’t die. The world needs your truth.
My husband slept with me today
Why do my grades have to matter more than me?
Isolation got me super tuned in to my mental health
Got triggered really badly after I discovered that a guy I once met, secretly recorded women during their intimate times without their consent
Friend says depression is a choice.
Does anyone else feel like their problems aren't valid?
Don't you find it arrogant we can't even solve huge mental health problems but are creating elaborate A.I robots?
Just thought I'd share this...
This is problematic
Having a panic attack in the car. Don't worry I'm not driving I'm parked
My wife struggles mental issues that have all but destroyed us, but...
does anybody else have a terrible relationship with their mother? its been incredibly destructive to my mental health. im recently separated and had to move back in with her😣😥im just trying to survive at this point💔
I met my new psychiatrist yesterday. I told the complete and utter truth for the first time ever. Voices, hallucinations. The lot.
Some people with depression can’t be cured, speaking from experience
There's no stigma toward mental illness. Only a blatant disregard. People don't care to try to understand what they don't experience.
goodbye dear friends (not suicide)
Don’t tell people this.
I found my brother body 2 day ago from suicide. His death has damned me to a life of misery. I loved him more than my own husband
Anti- Self harm App
Today is hard. You are not alone.
If you need someone to talk to, rant, cry, scream reach out to me
My cat is my everything. She helps me so much when I’m depressed 💜
Art by owlturd
He was 11...
Does anyone else have strange reactions to great amounts of stress? (ex: laughing uncontrollably)
Why won’t you let me die by suicide?
No Student should be left behind
I won’t kill myself, but its hard to want to live
Don't Give Up
At the request of my therapist, I drew what I was feeling during an episode of Depersonalization
I made a friend
Although I'm usually of the mindset 'can't do it, why try?' I tried!! And I'm quite pleased by my first ever painting effort
I'm a tree surgeon and have witnessed the worst thing in my life.
Does anybody else feel like they can't tell people about their problems because of how they might come across?
"i'm so triggered"
I did it!
I feel like crying when i talk to anyone that's superior/an authority
I'm going to beat this
Just got out of treatment
I lost against my GFs depression and am so sorry...
If you struggle with your mental health, would you rather find a relationship with someone that also struggles with their mental health or someone that doesn’t/hasn’t?
I finally found a way to explain to my ignorant friend why exercise isn't the solution for my mental illness.
Gym is saving me
It's not the same thing
Your pain is no lesser than mine.
Both of my parents have died in a car accident early in December.
Hey guys after struggling with depression for the past six years. I decided to write my book "breaking free" to show kids they can get through their adversity.
you are loved
I. AM. TRYING.
Respect
I rapidly change from completely hating myself to feeling super confident
Anyone else feel like their partner is their only best friend?
Reminder to all of you that no matter what your struggling with you’ve come this far and you’ve got this!💪
My mental health is way better after I stopped smoking marijuana.
Pretty close to my experience
It’s OK to be NOT OK
I don’t feel unworthy of love, I just see that no one wants to give it to me
I am finally getting therapy.
Ten things you can do for your mental health
Two Years Self-Harm Free! 🥳
Anxiety is...
So you think you're making it up
FUCK YOU, MENTAL ILLNESS!
My mom keeps trying to “prove” I’m not crazy
One minute I near suicidal and can’t stop thinking about how shit I feel and anxiety is just overwhelming. And half hour later I feel fine. Wtf is wrong with me.
Only alive for others
I broke down and told my Dr something yesterday I had been holding in for almost 2 years
My partner recently took her life after an extended battle with mental illlness
My name is Wil Wheaton. I live with chronic Depression, and I am not ashamed.
After 4 months of these dirty dishes cluttering up my kitchen, I have finally begun to clean
I just cut myself for the first time. I need help.
I had my first therapy session yesterday
I have a craving/addiction to fantasizing situations of being special, important, amazing, etc. Why?
At least I'm getting treatment for it
A Reminder That Carrie Fisher Was An O.G. Mental Health Hero
To the year that almost got me
It's really tough sometimes
I can tell he's worried about me. Probably rightfully so.
Ladies and gentlemen, you’re now experiencing an emotional turbulence. Please buckle up and relax; it will be over shortly. Sorry for the discomfort you’re feeling and enjoy the rest of the journey called life. —internetcrisis artwork by Hajin Bae (you can vent to me)
reddit do your thing, he is struggling with mental illness and is seeking help and feels hopeless.
I definitely show symptoms of a mental disorder like I know it's definitely not normal to feel this way but when I go to actually try and do something about it I feel I'm faking it all
Finally had a shower
People need to stop telling others that they'll find the solution to their problems in their own mind.
I love you!
Does anyone find it difficult to be 100% honest with what's really going on in their head?
Universe: What if you could have an illness where you feel dead inside, want to throw things and scream profanity, feel like everyone hates you, and are incapable of falling asleep? As an added bonus, you get to hide it from everyone or they’ll assume you are mentally incompetent? Me: Sign me up!
I'm in the psych ward (again), so I thought I'd make my room a little brighter.
May is mental health awareness month. Here's my experience.
Did you ever feel pain from loneliness?
I did some things today!
Mental health care in the US is a joke.
had my first therapist appointment, she suggested i believe in god. is this ok or is it "unprofessional"? ) (19 M)
I AM ME
Question: in your opinion why do so many depressed people find comfort in laying on the couch and binge watching tv?
A little bit proud
Getting my cats was probably the best decision I’ve ever made.
"Yo she triggered!"
I'm a therapist and keep this poster in my waiting room, apparently it's saved a few lives[9gag but worth seeing]
( Nsfw) I became a Cam girl to raise my self esteem and confidence
Changing my address for the first time in 5 years
Found a website that will help me know triggers before watching a movie: does the dog die?
Best friend and greatest motivation to participate in life each day
IM FINALLY GETTING BETTER AND I WANT TO EXPRESS IT!!
Does anyone else feel as though awarness for mental health disorders is growing but only for certain disorders?
After coping with crippling anxiety for years with artwork, I've finally worked up the courage to post my artwork on Etsy for public consumption and (fingers crossed) purchase!! Today is a day of small victories.
Just for giggles - not meant to be offensive 🤗
please please please let yourself feel...
Does anyone else feel guilty for taking off work for a mental health day?
Depression makes me very lazy and tired. How can I get more energy to be productive and get out of bed?
This is a very weird and specific post, but I’m alone ATM and really need to talk about this somehow (story is a bit gross)
Anyone else feel really sad waking up early?
Do other people do this to?
Took a mental health day today.
Does anyone else feel like ditching everything when depressed ?
*5 Amazing Reasons I Haven’t Killed Myself * - I am hurting and I am telling the world why am I choose to still be here
Kinda lost the idea of who I really am
For the first time in my life I actively sought out a therapist to see in person without the nudge from parents and/or partner.
My journey with antidepressants starts tomorrow, thanks in large part to my Dad.
Is it normal to feel physical pain from anxiousness?
People self diagnosing making me not want to talk about my issues
looking at all these job descriptions demanding happy, well-adjusted folk to fit into their workplace culture and my anxious self is just like "well shit..."
Managed to eat a meal yesterday ☺️
Today was the first day in over a month I didn’t take laxatives or throw up
I wrote a poem about my suicide attempt and I just want someone to read it
My sister and friends keep joking about suicide. No one knows that I’ve only just got out of a suicidal episode or that I was ever that depressed in the first place.
It's really disheartening when "friends" with mental health issues as well don't extend the empathy to you that they want everyone else to give them
For the past 3 days, I've done all my homework to my best ability, and this makes me feel great!
Does anyone else feel like they're not living in their real life?
Named after my father and found out he Sexually assaulted my sister....
it’s been 9 years since I was raped, why can’t I just get over it?
I’m a school social worker, and I’ve finally heard the worst thing ever
I quit my job!
I believe I’ve died
Am I the only person whose mental illness affecting their academic life?
I’m 18. I’ve hated myself sense I was in second grade and been struggling with depression for around 6 years now. I’m hitting a real low today and I just need to be told everything’s going to be all right.
Does anyone else avoid watching happy and successful people online because it makes them feel bad about themselves?
Is anyone else extremely fatigued?
I found a therapist!!!
Finally cleaned my room!
Taking a break
Please help: What am I supposed to do every day?? What is a normal person's day like?? How do they decide how to spend it???
I feel bad whenever I start feeling better?
God, I'm so afraid
Does anybody else absolutely despise that betterhelp.com ad?
I laughed for real again after more than a year
I self-diagnosed. And I regret it.
I’ve stayed out of bed the last two days and exercised each day.
College Students: How could professors be better allies?
I GOT INTO UNIVERSITY!
Anyone else have an ongoing tape of negative commentary on yourself in your head 24/7?
Update
Met a friend for lunch...
Use my emergency "mental and physical health toolkit" when you're stuck in a rut.
Everyone has a chapter they don't read out loud. <3
Exhaustion
I 'miss' being depressed
Two men robbed me at gunpoint, and now I can barely sleep. My mental health is trash right now.
Half the time I want to die, the other half I'm terrified to die
Grieving over my sister suicide. But I'm motivated to bring awareness to the community.
That's not how depression works Jimmy John's
HEY Let’s BE FRIENDS
Have you ever smelled a random smell and instantly had anxiety or a bad feeling from childhood?
Why is it that family members are usually the ones that dismiss/ doubt the fact that you could possibly be suffering from a mental illness?
I'm finding myself wanting to end my life...
How are you guys handling quarantine?
A poem I wrote about my depressive episodes.
First time taking antidepressants made my life feel like it improved by a 100%. I've been off them for half a week and I feel like I'm in agony
Animals being more drawn to you?
I feel like I never learned coping strategies
Your heart is stronger than your illness, please remember that
after finding out the severity of my diagnosis my mom made me this beautiful figure of me fighting off my depression as a warrior wearing the armor of God; while I may not be so religious anymore, the gift remains beyond meaningful
Is it normal to feel a bit crap from being unfriended on social media? Even if you haven’t seen nor spoken to the person in a few years?
I'm so tired of feeling depressed, but I'm doing everything I can. I don't remember what normal feels like.
please, stop fetishizing me
Please let me encourage you to get your vitamin and mineral levels checked.
Always remember this
Honestly I miss the psych ward
I feel like I'm losing it and I just want to cry because I'm to afraid to reach out. I'm pathetic.
Howdy
I SOBBED after seeing that my first few assignments of the school year have been graded
My therapist encouraged me to do this
I’m tired
Today marks my 40th day since my last self harm and I feel absolutely amazing.
Today I am going in for a psychiatric evaluation for a proper diagnosis. We’re betting on Bipolar I and I’m only happy about getting a diagnosis because I’ve been out of answers for so long and I might actually get one.
About social anxiety
Looking for advice on how to not just stay in bed
Celebrating my 5th year of sobriety tonight with a stream (:
Man bikes across Canada for Mental Health Awareness
Do you ever feel like your mental health issues are not actual mental health issues, but just your outlook on life?
Microrant: My psychiatrist told me I'm a spoiled kid.
How toxic abusive parents destroy the lives of their children
I've been dissociating for months, how can I stop it or at least distract myself?
F covid.
